W 11398574 aal mfa (#218)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-your-account.adoc

You can modify your contact information, change your password, and see a list of the roles assigned to your account.

=== Manage Sensitive Account Information

For enhanced security, Access Management might prompt you to re-authenticate before you can modify your email address.

include::partial$include-reauthentication-conditions.adoc[]

> Connected apps and clients are exempt from re-authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
Connected apps and clients are exempt from re-authentication. Because of the re-authentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change your email address.
```

> Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. Because of the reauthentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change your email address.

Author: ```suggestion
Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. If you have a script that makes an API call to change your email address, it might need to accommodate reauthentication.
```

> Connected apps and clients are exempt from re-authentication. Because of the re-authentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change your email address.

Author: ```suggestion
Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. Because of the reauthentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change your email address.
```
